README.md, before:

# kovaaks-plos
Collection of playlists for Kovaaks

# how to use these playlists
Right-click -> Save As...
Drop the JSON or PLO file(s) into your Kovaaks Steam folder
\path\to\Steam\steamapps\common\FPSAimTrainer\FPSAimTrainer\Saved\SaveGames\Playlists

Next time you start up Kovaaks you will see them available in your Local Playlists

# recommended playlists

## smoothness
* [Puresmoothness](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/PureG%20Smoothness.json) - most popular smoothness training, can be played normal or 1b1 method.  This version was slightly modified by Christmasiscancelled with some modern scens
* [Puresmoothness v1](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/PureSmoothness_Updated_Invica.json) - Invica update
* [Puresmoothness v2](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/PureSmoothness_updated.json) - Papi update

## speed
* [Unans speed/precision](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Speed_and_flicking_accuracy.json) - good for static/ts
* [Unans speed](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Just%20move%20your%20hand%20faster.json) - good for static/ts
* [Pure Tswitch1b1](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/PureTarget-Switching_1by1.json) - tswitch

## precision
* [Huddled pokeball](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Huddled_Pokeball.json) - pokeballs are great for precision and flick accuracy
* [Christmas' flick experimental](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/flick%20experimental.json) - very popular for static dot improvement
* [Eerie cold static dots](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/EerieCold%20-%20Static.json) - Eerie cold is one of the best static aimers, solid playlist with modern scens
* [Pasu 1b1](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/pasu_1by1.json) - not many moving dots specific routines out there, this is the best I've found

## reactivity
* [Zeeq track](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Zeeq%20-%20Tracking.json) or [sdk react](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/sdk%20react.json) - older with some outdated scens but still great.  Can swap out Air 10x ufo hard with Air UFO hard small invincible or something shorter but equally difficult
* [Theo react](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Theo%20-%20Reactivity.json) - from [rA discord](discord.gg/raim)
* [Torje react](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Torje_Reactivity_conditioning_v2.json) - from [WA Playlist comp](http://bit.ly/waplo)

## movement
* [Pauer](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/pauer%20movement.json) - newer movement scens that take advantage of sound cues to tell you when to change direction while strafing, better for improving your movement aim

## complete
* [Kosei v2](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Kosei_v2_not_complete.json) - top aimer, from [rA discord](discord.gg/raim)
* Fallen [1](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Fallen%20Complete%20%231%20(play%201x).json) [2](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Fallen%20Complete%20%232%20(play%201x).json) [3](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Fallen%20Complete%20%233%20(play%201x).json) - great overall scens built logically in aim groups

Commit message:

added link to release and updated instructions

README.md, after:

# kovaaks-plos
Collection of playlists for Kovaaks

# how to use these playlists
Grab the latest release from the [Releases page](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/releases) and unzip the files
Copy the JSON files to your Kovaaks playlist directory:

**\path\to\Steam\steamapps\common\FPSAimTrainer\FPSAimTrainer\Saved\SaveGames\Playlists**

Next time you start up Kovaaks you will see them available in your Local Playlists

# recommended playlists

## smoothness
* [Puresmoothness](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/PureG%20Smoothness.json) - most popular smoothness training, can be played normal or 1b1 method.  This version was slightly modified by Christmasiscancelled with some modern scens
* [Puresmoothness v1](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/PureSmoothness_Updated_Invica.json) - Invica update
* [Puresmoothness v2](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/PureSmoothness_updated.json) - Papi update

## speed
* [Unans speed/precision](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Speed_and_flicking_accuracy.json) - good for static/ts
* [Unans speed](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Just%20move%20your%20hand%20faster.json) - good for static/ts
* [Pure Tswitch1b1](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/PureTarget-Switching_1by1.json) - tswitch

## precision
* [Huddled pokeball](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Huddled_Pokeball.json) - pokeballs are great for precision and flick accuracy
* [Christmas' flick experimental](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/flick%20experimental.json) - very popular for static dot improvement
* [Eerie cold static dots](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/EerieCold%20-%20Static.json) - Eerie cold is one of the best static aimers, solid playlist with modern scens
* [Pasu 1b1](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/pasu_1by1.json) - not many moving dots specific routines out there, this is the best I've found

## reactivity
* [Zeeq track](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Zeeq%20-%20Tracking.json) or [sdk react](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/sdk%20react.json) - older with some outdated scens but still great.  Can swap out Air 10x ufo hard with Air UFO hard small invincible or something shorter but equally difficult
* [Theo react](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Theo%20-%20Reactivity.json) - from [rA discord](discord.gg/raim)
* [Torje react](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Torje_Reactivity_conditioning_v2.json) - from [WA Playlist comp](http://bit.ly/waplo)

## movement
* [Pauer](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/pauer%20movement.json) - newer movement scens that take advantage of sound cues to tell you when to change direction while strafing, better for improving your movement aim

## complete
* [Kosei v2](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Kosei_v2_not_complete.json) - top aimer, from [rA discord](discord.gg/raim)
* Fallen [1](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Fallen%20Complete%20%231%20(play%201x).json) [2](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Fallen%20Complete%20%232%20(play%201x).json) [3](https://github.com/riddbtw/kovaaks-plos/blob/main/Fallen%20Complete%20%233%20(play%201x).json) - great overall scens built logically in aim groups
